FAQ Audit combined PRs (#1608)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/change-billing.md

---
To change your billing name, address, or email, just send us a message at support@getdbt.com with the newly updated information, and we can make that change for you! 

> If you'd like to change card details, the account owner can do this by clicking the hamburger menu,  then click **Account Settings**, then **Billing**.

Reviewer: Let's leave this as is. It will change soon with the new UI
```suggestion
If you'd like to change card details, the account owner can do this by clicking the  ![hamburger icon](/img/hamburger-icon.png),  then click **Account Settings**, then **Billing**.
```

> If you'd like to change card details, the account owner can do this by clicking the  ![hamburger icon](/img/hamburger-icon.png),  then click **Account Settings**, then **Billing**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to change card details, the account owner can do this by clicking the ![hamburger icon](/img/hamburger-icon.png), then click **Account Settings**, then **Billing**.
```
